# Prime-Numbers-Indentifier
The program takes in a range of numbers as input and returns a list of prime numbers within that range as well as the count of the total prime numbers within the range.

A prime number is a natural number that is greater than 1 which has only two factors; 1 and itself. For example, 3 is a prmime number as the only factors it has are 1 and 3 (itself). On the other hand, 9 is not a prime number because besides 1 and 9 as factors, it has 3 as a factor as well.

Prime numbers has a number of applications in mathematics and computing including cryptography.

We develop a program in python that is able to identify the prime numbers within a given range of numbers. The program takes in a range of numbers as input and returns a list of prime numbers within that range as well as the count of the total prime numbers within the range.

# Currency-Conversion
Python Program that converts an amount from one currency to another

Investopedia defines a currency pair as a quotation of two different curriencies with value of one currency (Base Currency) being quoted against the other (Quoted Currency).

In a curency pair the first currency is the base and the second is the quoted. The pair is represented as BaseQuoted=X which interpretes as 1 Base Currency is equal to X Quoted Currency. for example, a quote of USDZMW=15.65 means that USD1 is equal to ZMW15.65.

We will develope a program that will allow a user to enter an amount to be converted from one currency to another and also provide a historical visualisation of the performance of the selected currency pair over a one month period.
